edge's direction property: adding "physical" adjective to description? (#439)
VDA5050/VDA5050: VDA5050_EN.md

*orientationType* | | string | Enum {'GLOBAL', 'TANGENTIAL'}: <br>'GLOBAL': relative to the global project-specific map coordinate system, only valid for omnidirectional vehicles.<br>'TANGENTIAL': tangential to the trajectory of the edge. Example use: for an omnidirectional vehicle, any orientation is possible, for differential drive vehicles, only orientations 0.0 (forward) and Pi (backward) may be possible.<br><br>If not defined, the default value is 'TANGENTIAL'.

> *direction* | | string | Sets direction at junctions for physical line-guided or physical wire-guided vehicles, to be defined initially (vehicle-individual).<br> Examples: "left", "right", "straight".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*direction* | | string | Sets direction at junctions for navigation type physical line guided mobile robots, possible values shall be pre-defined (vehicle-individual).<br> Examples: "left", "right", "straight", "580 Hz".
```
